This is a minimal C library, with specification in ACSL and verification using frama-c

* for now using
  * clang
  * frama-c-oxygen
  * framac-error plugin (https://github.com/sylvainnahas/framac-werror)
  
  * some provers: alt-ergo, coq, ....
    there frama-c names are to be declared in the variable PROVERS of the Makefile

N.B.: you can stipulate a set of option for frama-c per c files with a default available

N.B: <taken from frama-c wp plugin documentation>:

The output directory contains a lot of files. All files are
generated with the following naming convention:
<goal>_head.txt a summary of the generated proof obligation. This file contains the warning emitted during weakest precondition calculus.
<goal>_body.txt a human-readable description of the proof obligation.
<goal>_log_<prover>.txt a log from the prover when it has been run on the goal.

The complete goal submitted to external provers:
<goal>_po.why for WHY.
<goal>_po_why.<ext> generated by WHY for external decision procedures.
<goal>_po_ergo.why for Alt-Ergo without arrays.
<goal>_po_aergo.why for Alt-Ergo with arrays.
<goal>_po.v for Coq.

Each complete goal actually consists of the specification of the
model, an environment describing the C definitions of your
program, and the elementary goal itself. The environments are:
<env>.txt in human-readable description of the environment.
<env>.why for Why.
<env>_ergo.why for Alt-Ergo without arrays.
<env>_aergo.why for Alt-Ergo with arrays.
<env>.v for Coq.

The elementary goals are:
<goal>.why the elementary goal generated for WHY.
<goal>_ergo.why the elementary goal generated for Alt-Ergo without arrays.
<goal>_aergo.why the elementary goal generated for Alt-Ergo with arrays.
<goal>.v the elementary goal generated for Coq.